

I have also identified .... 

[Reasons]
By being proactive I always questions the things I don't understand, which helps me to get clarity and be mindful of the requirements
As a result of which I can attempt the corresponding task effectively, hence remaining intact with my goals. 


I clearly communicate my expectations to my team.
I can present my views and ideas to all sizes of groups

I approach each challenge with same intensity & enthusiasm

I regularly consider others’ perspectives and try to find solutions that work for everyone
 I regularly seek opportunities to connect and learn from others in my field.

I am able to quickly adapt to new situations and change course, if necessary.
I learn quickly and am able to adapt to change.

I try to think from the customer’s side to understand their point of view.

I am happy to provide the answers that my peers ask and provide the guidance too.

[Problem Solving]
I am a fast thinker and come up with creative solutions to challenges in real time

I try to anticipate potential challenges in advance, and often try to create alternative solutions if needed. 
That way, I can stay productive and avoid wasting time or delay in the process.



[Shortcomings]
I am constantly improving my communication skills to improve my team collaboration.

I sometimes feel overwhelmed when having to make an important decision, so I ask others for advice.

In the future, I will focus on becoming more organized and disciplined, starting with my personal life. I recognize the importance of being dedicated and organized in general, and how being so in my personal life will influence my professional performance.”

“Sometimes, I lack the motivation to continue putting in my best work. However, I plan to combat that by keeping tra


I seek to learn new things as there is always a room to improve and more skills to learn. 

Sometimes, I lack the motivation to continue putting in my best work. However, I plan to combat that by keeping track of my long-term goals and setting short-term goals, using apps and sticky notes, to help me stay on track.

I have a long-term vision for my career and continually take steps toward achieving it.
I value learning and regularly seek opportunities to learn something new.


[ML - Seek]
I keep seeking opportunities for connecting with employees regardless of which field they belong to. 