* Areas you improved upon 
* shortcomings & weakness
* professional development
* personal & company values

Tips

- Keep records of accomplishments
- Show off your best work
- be honest & crticial
- use positive lang describing struggle you had
- keep focus on you (your role)

- Always give example to support your arguments

Vocab | Phrases

Gen performance

I take the initiative on every project I am involved in, and 
I often go out of my way to support less experienced team members.

I often go above and beyond my job tasks to ensure that my team exceeds targets & expectations
(to do more or better than usually expected)

I often try to go the extra mile to ensure good code quality

[VOCAB]
thorough, decisively, reliable, 
cope well under pressure (handle pressure)

-----
Accomplishments

Over the last (time period), I have (describe accomplishmets & supporting examples)

Over the last 3 month, I have demonstrated an excellent work ethic and found more efficient ways of doing our work.
For example, ...

I am extremely proud of what my team & I have achieved over the (time period). Compared to the previous period, 
we have (describe accomplishments & compare results)

I am extremely proud of what my team & I have achieved over the last 6 month. 
Compared to previous period, we have increased turnover by 8%

Not only did I meet my monthly goals, but I exceeded them by an average of 7%
Not only did I complete several projects ahead of schedule, I was also within budget of the majority 


------
How you have improved

I have invested a significant amount of time working on (mention the area that needed improvement) 
and I am very happy to say that I have made very good progress
I still find it challenging to (mention the specific area which is still difficult),
but I continue to work on that and feel that I have definitely turned a corner

I have invested a significant amount of time working on delegating tasks and I am very happy to say that I have made very good progress.
I still find it challenging to pass on certain tasks,
but I continue to work on that and feel that I have definitely {turned a corner}


[VOCAB-Your ShortComings]
Although, despite, [positive aspect], [negative aspect]

Despite meeting my most important performance objectives during the past three months, I did experience some challanges
REMEMBER:
When using verb after despite it should be Gerund or in ing form

Tips :
tell what you plan to do

I have given a lot of consideration to the areas where I can improve and have come up with several ideas/strategies
For example, I am going to start delegating more tasks to my team so I have more 


------------------
Professional Development

In terms of professional development, I feel that the next logical step for me is to enter a ... role. 
I have been consistently performing at a high level for the last two years and have developed very good leadership skills.
In addition to this, I have excellent knowledge of how ... & I am convinced  I have what it takes to manage at this level

I am very keen to develop my (..... type of skills) skills further as I know it will help me take my performance to
the next level.
There is a course starting .... & I am going to enroll in the same

I am very keen to develop my leadership as well as technical skills further as I know it will help me take my performance to
the next level.

----------------
GOALS

I have set myself the following goals for the next 6 months

In order to grow and achieve a higher level of performance, I have set the following targets for myself
- Grok the Cross-Platform Development from architecture point of view

I am excited to start working on these new goals and I am convinced that I can achieve them successfully 
(I can achieve them with high degree of success)


-----------------
Persoanl & Company Values

Vocab

1) The customer comes first
I have always been very customer-oriented and I genuinely care about providing a high level of service and support to our customers
I have demonstrated this consistently & it is something that I am proud of !

2) Teamwork

Being a member of a successful team gives me great job satisfication and motivates me to consistently perform
at a high level





