1) Impact 

I've consistently shown commitment and motivation ever since I joined the organization 
which helps me to demonstrates the substantial work value.

I meet set deadlines & objectives most of the time. 
For this, I manage my time effectively by prioritizing the important tasks.
I often go above and beyond to match targets & expectations.
I'm extremely proud of my contributions and what I've achieved over the year 2022.
To point out I was involved in the development of new ezconnect features namely 'Private Notes' and 'Bulk Sms'
Furthermore I've assist in flutter code migration as well as development for ezconnect mobile support
Apart from this I've contributed towards code enhancement and bug fixes for ongoing sprints.

I conceive that my skills and ability to work in a team have been valuable during this period. 
and There are several attributes that I'd like to put forward which led me to achieve the same. 

One of the essential attribute I'd like to highlight is problem solving ability through which I discern the task thoroughly and 
devise the approach for solution accordingly. this way I can get the purview and manage different situations efficiently.
By being proactive I always ask questions related to the stuffs I don't understand, which helps me to get clarity and be mindful of the requirements
As a result of which I can attempt the corresponding task effectively, remaining intact with my goals. 
I try to anticipate potential challenges, based on which new ideas and alternative solutions can be figured out if needed. 
That way, I can stay productive and avoid delay in the process.
While devising the approach I try to put myself in the customer's shoes to get the end-user perspective.

I often try to go the extra mile to ensure good code quality.

I have taken active role in my tasks, working diligently and expressing my ideas and opinions clearly with the team.
moreover I listen the perspectives of teammates and guide them if needed.

I like to experiment and explore different ways of addressing the problem based on the requirements.
I seek to learn new things as there is always a room to improve and more skills to learn. 

Thus Being responsible and reliable towards my work, has helped me to create an impact & I seek to amplify the same in the future. 
