Q2 What Could have gone better ? 

I have invested a significant amount of time working on code fixes along with enhancements and 
I am glad that I have made notable contribution.
I still find it challenging to pass on certain tasks. 
but I continue to work on that and feel that I have definitely turned a corner
for example, managing and mitigating the initial code setup and related issues.


[Key Development areas focuse upon]

In last 6 month my primary focus was an objective first rather than subjective one. 
To exemplify I try to put efforts in having adequete understanding of my work process and then aim to get in depth for the same.
Whilst working on any feature or fixes,usually I try to explicate over the context of the problem before commencing towards the solution.

I also evaluate my personal growth plans at certain periods
I'm curious and awlays interested in learning new things.
Hence I keep myself updated with the relevant recent trends and try to incorporate them in my work. 
for example, In programming language I look upto to assimilate the modern language features if those are rational for existing codebase.

I try to make sure that both my personal as well as professional growth are aligned as per respective needs.

Moreover I've focused on enhancing my communication skills to improve my team collaboration.

I've organize my work to cultivate the productivity with right balance. 
For instance, I make use of tools such as notion to keep track of my stuffs on daily basis. 
Accomplishing the priority tasks is at the top in my plate.

I keep seeking opportunities for connecting with employees regardless of which domain they belong to. 

New Skills Technologies Learned in Last 6 month

Over the last 6 month I've not explored any new particular framework or technology majorly 
but I've got flavor about many essential things such as basic working functionality of SAAS models. 
For instance how product propogate at various stages through different pipelines and environment.
The way the SAAS model operates is bit intriguing and I've arouse an interest to get more nitty-gritty about it. 

From technical context, I found bit challenging to cope up with the flutter web as I was not having the 
relevant experience in the past. But I've took a step with it. To add to this engaging with the Cross-Platform project (ie Mobile, Web) 
is also an added experience 

However I am passionate about algorithms and maths, So whenever I got time I try to explore and study Machine Learning and Deep Learning 

In addition to that, I've also learn few yoga asanas from sessions offered by zenoti. I appreciate the initiative
and What is more I truly realize the meaning of phrase 'Health is Wealth'.



