 
I have invested a significant amount of time working on code fixes along with enhancements, and I am glad that I have made notable contributions.
I still find it challenging to pass on certain tasks. but I continue to work on that and feel that I have definitely turned a corner.
for example, managing and mitigating the initial code setup and related issues.

My primary focus over the last six months has been more objective oriented than subjective based.
To illustrate, I make an effort to gain an adequate understanding of my work process before delving deeper into it.
I usually try to explicate the context of the problem before commencing to work on the solution.

I also evaluate my personal growth plans at certain periods.
I'm curious and always interested in learning new things. Hence, I keep myself updated with the relevant recent trends and try to incorporate them into my work. 
To exemplify, for a given programming language, I look to assimilate the modern language features if those are rational for an existing codebase.

I try to make sure that both my personal as well as professional growth are aligned with their respective needs.
Furthermore, I've focused on enhancing my communication skills to improve team collaboration.

I've organised my work to cultivate productivity with the right balance. On a daily basis, for example, I use tools like Notion to keep track of my belongings.
Accomplishing the priority tasks is at the top of my list.

I keep seeking opportunities for connecting with employees, regardless of which domain they belong to. 

Over the last 6 months, I haven't seriously investigated any new framework or technology. But I've got a taste of many essential things, such as the basic working functionality of SAAS models. 
For instance, I learned about how product propogates at various stages through different pipelines and environments.
The way the SAAS model operates is a bit intriguing, and I've developed an interest in exploring the nitty-gritty of it. 

From a technical context, I found it a bit challenging to cope up with the Flutter Web, as I lack relevant experience from the past. But I've taken a step with it. 
To add to this, engaging with the cross-platform project (i.e., mobile and web) is also an added experience.

However, because I am interested in algorithms and math, I try to explore and study machine learning and deep learning whenever I have the opportunity.

Above all, I've also learned a few yoga asanas from sessions offered by Zenoti. Indeed, I appreciate the initiative. Besides that, I truly understand the meaning of the phrase "health is wealth."



